---
title: Speaking at CodeMash
tags: CodeMash, presentations, F#, QA, security, PLT
---

I'll be speaking at [CodeMash](http://www.codemash.org/), twice, on Friday 
the 13th. Wish me luck!

### Mashing Up QA and Security

8:30 a.m., Zambezi Room

Security is domain specific quality assurance, but developers, testers, and 
security professionals often don’t work together. When this type of disconnect 
exists between big groups of people who are very good at their jobs, there is 
usually a mostly untapped potential for learning. I’ve been exploring this 
landscape by writing an open source fuzzer aimed at discovering new test cases 
(not just crashes!) using binary rewriting of managed executables and genetic 
modification of a test corpus, implemented in F# and using Mono.Cecil. I’ll 
ontrast the fundamentals of each discipline, demonstrate tools used by experts 
on both sides of the security and QA fence, and challenge the audience to find 
new ways to mix them up. Expect to see lots of code and leave with ideas for 
making entire communities better, not just your own team!


### Incredibly Strange Programming Languages

12:15 p.m., Cypress Room

If you've ever suspected that “all programming languages are pretty much the
same; they just have different syntax,” well, you will never suspect that again!
Covering languages from the unusually powerful (Idris) to the illuminated (قلب)
to the profoundly limited (BlooP), and all points in between, these languages
will help you think differently about approaches to software problems you face
in your day job. Of course we’ll have a lot of fun, but these languages are no
joke. The practical benefit of an impractical language is the power to find new
approaches to common problems.